Update continuous-integration.md (#93)
pnpm/pnpm.github.io: versioned_docs/version-5.x/continuous-integration.md

:::note

> Using `actions/setup-node@v2` you need to install pnpm with [root permissions](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/issues/177), eg:`sudo ` if you do not specify a node version to use

Reviewer: I would write it in a separate sentence

```suggestion
Using `actions/setup-node@v2` you need to install pnpm with [root permissions](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/issues/177), eg:`sudo npm install -g pnpm`. Alternatively, if you specify the Node.js version to use, pnpm may be installed with no priviledged user.
```
